hello my name is Tania and this is my
video response she rather be dancing
three her name is Shawna she did a
review on lore'l leap keratin treatment
and she said it worked very very well on
her hair she was very pleased with it
she was she said it was very soft and
shiny and it was full of body and it
repaired her split ends it was very good
for her hair and one of the things that
she was talking about in her video was
that that treatment is not for damaged
or color treated hair and my hair is
damaged and color treated so I knew that
that wouldn't be an option for me but
her hair looks lovely and but this is I
found something else and I don't know if
you have watched my be of only I only
have one other video up but you can see
my hair in that video compared to the
hair that I had in this video and this
is third day hair after a keratin
treatment that i found that and it's not
it doesn't stink like chemicals like the
one that she used mine was very pleasant
smelling and there was only two steps so
here's an alternative for you folks that
have damaged or color treated hair that
would like to try a keratin treatment at
home and if I was kind of scared to try
it at first I kept it for a couple of
months before I even tried it because I
was worried that it was going to hurt my
hair even worse than I was trying to get
it to grow out and be healthier but let
me show you a picture of this I don't
have the box that I did take a picture
and if you can see that I got that at
Sally's Beauty Supply and i believe it
was 11 99 or 1099 I can't remember I'll
read to you what the box says it says
hair rescue keratin reconstructor kits
instantly repairs in severely dry
damaged hair and i believe the name you
can see on this picture that there's a
cross in the middle of it a pink cross
on the top it has the name of the
company and it has a Z in it I did not
get a picture of that but like I said
there was only two steps to this you put
after you get out of the shower and you
towel dry your hair the first small
bottle that you got in there
was I Bob in a treatment you put it all
over your hair and you leave it in for
five minutes and then you don't rinse it
out and you do the second model for 10
minutes you'd put it all in with step
one and you leave it in for 10 minutes
get in your shower rinse it out and then
blow-dry or style as usual I'm sure the
heat helps it is what my hairdresser
month you know who I'm talking about the
girl that takes care of my hair for me
she told me that that with keratin
treatments the heat is a good thing for
it I still don't try i try not to apply
too much heat to my hair but this is
third day hair and I if you watch my
other video you'll see now there is
still damaged there i'm not saying did a
hundred percent wonderful job but
there's no chemicals in this from what i
understand or you can't smell the
chemicals in it at all it doesn't burn
it doesn't smell at all um I just went
along with my day and played on the
computer and did what I wanted to do
while I was waiting for the treatment to
finish and I straightened my hair
afterward no I blow dried my hair
afterwards and then straighten it later
on the evening but my problem was as I
didn't rinse my hair well enough I just
bent over the tub in my shower and I
tried to rinse it that way and I didn't
get it all out so I had to wash it again
the next day and I tried really hard not
to wash my hair more than once every
third day in the wintertime and every
other day I try to do like a morning and
on the second day the next day and then
the following night I tried to do it
like that to space it out it's not
exactly two days but it's close but
anyway I'm trying to grow my hair out
and I just wanted to give you an
alternative to the L'Oreal treatment
that Shauna had used if you feel like
you can't use it and you do your
research and you think that there it's
not for your hair or you're scared to
try something like that here's an
alternative to that one thank you for
your time and I appreciate it back